They are Machines that mimic the intelligence of human behavior.

In very simple words, we can say that artificial intelligence is human intelligence exhibited by machines.

Artificial intelligence is the ability of a machine to mimic human intelligence behaviors.

AI is achieved by studying how the human brain thinks and how it learns, decides, and works while trying to solve a problem.
The results of this study are used as the basis for the development of software and intelligence systems.

In short, we can say that Ai is building a computer system that is capable of performing tasks that normally require human intelligence, such as visual perception, speech recognition, decision-making and translation between languages, among other things such as bigdata information analysis.


1) Bubbles can be harmful, but this depends on the content. for example, if a collection is zoomed in and only one view was displayed, it could politically cause polarization.

however, in the context of music or book recommendations, filter bubbles are not harmful.
One negative aspect based on book recommendations is that the person is not exposed to new types of books, thus limiting the opportunity to learn new things.

2) Collaborative filtering could be used to provide more appropriate suggestions to users as more information is collected about them.

Something similar to Amazon Prime when providing recommendations based on similar users.


ai will transform the planet before 2030
The joint response in response to Ai's incremental development, through the possibility of a more difficult take-off in which a single Ai project "part" should not be ruled out. On the other hand, it would not necessarily respect human values, including the value of preventing an accident in daily life or sports, to less powerful creatures. Whether a round scenario by Al would involve more expected suffering than another scenario is a question to think about and explore in depth.

1) Deep Nostalgia ™ goes viral!
 By Esther
February 28, 2021
 MyHeritage Products
https://blog.myheritage.com/2021/02/deep-nostalgia-goes-viral/
 2) Deep Nostalgia recently went viral, I created a model with innovative Ai that allows you to animate the faces of your loved ones in photographs.
3) It is so precise because of the type of model they used for the training, I am sure they used methods and models, agreed with programming languages ​​such as python to develop Deep Nostalgia and change the paradigm of static images to animate them through Ai, it is surprising.

Artificial Intelligence is here to stay and evolve technologically.
wn my daily life will be much more efficient and faster, that will give me more time to read, rest, learn, etc, since the tasks that we usually do and take away a large part of our time and life in general, is a positive change.
and on the other hand the possibilities of becoming addicted to using Ai in everything, and our brain will stop developing in that evolutionary change, laziness will be in the vast majority of people.